The `--empty` flag (#4966)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/01-upgrading-to-v1.8.md

## New and changed features and functionality

Features and functionality new in dbt v1.8

### The `--empty` flag

> The [`run`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) and [`build`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) commands now support the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will still execute the model SQL against the target data warehouse but will avoid expensive reads of input data. This validates dependencies and ensures your models will build properly.

Reviewer: i think the link is wrong matt 

```suggestion
The [`run`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) and [`build`](/reference/commands/build#the---empty-flag) commands now support the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will still execute the model SQL against the target data warehouse but will avoid expensive reads of input data. This validates dependencies and ensures your models will build properly.
```

Author: Good catch!

> The [`run`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) and [`build`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) commands now support the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will build the project and models, parse the files to identify changes, but won't actually execute the SQL against the target data warehouse. This ensures your models will build properly and validates dependencies.

Reviewer 2: > dbt will build the project and models, parse the files to identify changes, but won't actually execute the SQL against the target data warehouse.

I don't think this is technically correct. Perhaps: 
"dbt will still execute the model SQL against the target data warehouse, but will avoid expensive reads of input data. This ensures your models will build properly and validates dependencies."

> The [`run`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) and [`build`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) commands now support the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will build the project and models, parse the files to identify changes, but won't actually execute the SQL against the target data warehouse. This ensures your models will build properly and validates dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
The [`run`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) and [`build`](/reference/commands/run#the-`--empty`-flag) commands now support the `--empty` flag for building schema-only dry runs. The `--empty` flag limits the refs and sources to zero rows. dbt will still execute the model SQL against the target data warehouse but will avoid expensive reads of input data. This validates dependencies and ensures your models will build properly.
```
